---
title: Hello world
description: Hello world
tag: vercel, nextjs, nextra
date: 2021-04-18
---

# Hello world

First post with the new [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) NextJS (Nextra) application for blogging.

I've been a backend developer for most of my career, albeit usually for very small shops, which 
means I've worn the "full stack" hat more often than not.  I've been meaning to create a platform 
where I could record interesting notions or solutions when I encountered them, and I recently 
encountered Vercel.

When I attempted this previously, I used Github pages and EmberJS.  This ended up proving difficult - 
setting up Ember and building it so that the build target displayed in Github pages was easy enough, but one
of my goals was to store all my posts in Markdown, so they were portable and could be moved to another
framework if I so desired.  I ran into some issues with this in Ember, related to fetching and interpreting
markdown articles from Github as a data source. Perhaps someone who worked with the framework full time could 
have sorted this, but it stymied me enough to set this down as a project for the short term.

Circling back to this recently, I knew I wanted something that would prioritize the writing portion, and 
not let me get wrapped up into playing with the technology instead of focusing on the task at hand.  The goal is
to record solutions in Markdown and serve them up in Blog form, nothing more, and I needed a tool 
appropriate to the job, so I started eyeballing static site generators, which is when I happened across 
Vercel.  It's a pretty handy free solution, and does exactly what I needed without too much fuss.


